Replace travis with github actions (#729)
opencobra/memote: HISTORY.rst

Next Release
------------

* Fix ``memote online``, given breaking changes in Github Authentication.
* Replace travis-CI with github actions.
* (Cookiecutter) Add an action for comparing models in Pull
  Requests (`#23 <https://github.com/opencobra/cookiecutter-memote/pull/23>`_).

> * Dropped support for python3.6 and python3.7 in favor of python3.9 and python3.10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Dropped support for python3.6 and python3.7 in favor of python3.8 to python3.11.
```
